# DiscordBotWokHandler

Uses discord.js library combined with WOKCommands to create a basic demobot.

https://discord.js.org/#/

https://docs.wornoffkeys.com/

## Getting Started

Start here: https://discord.com/developers/applications

Click "New Application" - name the Application.

Click "Bot" - "Add Bot"

Go to Oauth2. URL Generator. Click "Bot" and "Administrator" (stick with Administrator for demo purposes)

Copy autogenerated link at bottom of page. Visit the link. Connect the bot to a test server of your choice and close window. Youve connected the bot to your server!

Now, go back to "Bot" and click "Reset Token" to get your token.

Create .env file and add the TOKEN to the file.

You can also add your mongodb DATABASE_URI in the .env file if you'd like (see line 33 of index.ts for database usage through WOKCommand Handler). Not required.

Next install dependencies

### Dependencies

npm install

### Executing program

-   Run "npm run dev". This will set up your nodemon server for your bot to run. This should connect your code to the bot.

## Feature Demoed:

Check out the "features" folder for info on this. The bot will automatically assess if a mongoDb I hooked up was updated and print the update to the console. No commands needed, it autoruns. This directly connects to updates from the /usualsuspectspost slash command (see below)

## Slash commands demoed:

/add does a quick add inline demo

/addrole allows making of a role based on the message of the user (not sure i understand this use case?). Uses sequential inline and select dropdown menus. "messageid" inline query should be filled with info on the userID that you'd like to have their roles assigned.

/buttons this will show various button demos

/connectwallet will provide a locallink that goes to the example.js file. I ran the locallink through a localserver just to show the feature.

/send will send a specific message to a specific channel

/usualsuspectspost will post a mock discordId and ethAddress to a mongoDB I set up.

## Legacy commands demoed:

!collector shows a basic reaction collector/counter

!ping basic "pong" response

!help runs built-in help menu that autoupdates descriptions of commands built

```

https://docs.wornoffkeys.com/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMmUW4d3Noc&list=PLaxxQQak6D_f4Z5DtQo0b1McgjLVHmE8Q

Has the command handler WOKCommands used throughout. Lots of video tutorials and documentation which was quite helpful. He also has a discord with active helpers there too!
```
